Document gofmt automatic formatting guidelines (#73)
bcneng/candebot: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

## Contributing code changes

1. fork the repo
2. use `make build` for a first build
3. start a branch and hack your changes
4. use `make test` to test your changes
5. send a pull request
6. glory, fame, money and glory (yes, twice)

## IDE settings

1. Make sure your IDE runs `gofmt -w -s` on file save.

2. Make sure your IDE adds a blank line at the end of the file.

### VSCode

> 1. To format on save, isntall the [Go extension for VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/go) and go to settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To format on save, install the [Go extension for VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/go) and go to settings:
```

Author: I can't believe the amount of times I make that typo. My memory muscle or something is deeply broken.

    1. in `Go: Format Flags` add `-w -s`
    1. in `Go: Format Tools` select `gofmt`

> 2. To insert a newlineon save, go to settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To insert a new line at the end of file on save, go to settings:
```

Reviewer: I think (not sure since I'm on mobile) that this suggestion was not applied.

Author: I think I messed up laptops (I did the changes on the other one and didn't push them). 🤦🏼‍♂️
